docs(sdk): Update built-in subagents documentation to match current implementation (#442)
All-Hands-AI/docs: sdk/guides/agent-file-based.mdx

| Agent | Tools | Description |
|--------|-------|-------|
| **general-purpose** | `terminal`, `file_editor`, `task_tracker` | General-purpose agent for tasks requiring a combination of capabilities. Used as the fallback when no agent name is specified. |
| **code-explorer** | `terminal` | Read-only codebase exploration agent. Finds files, searches code, reads source — never creates or modifies anything. |
| **bash-runner** | `terminal` | Command execution specialist. Runs shell commands, builds, tests, linters, and git operations. Returns concise reports instead of raw output. |
| **web-researcher** | `browser_tool_set` + MCP (`fetch`, `tavily`) | Web research specialist. Searches the web, navigates documentation, and extracts information from URLs. |

When `enable_browser=False`, browser-dependent agents like `web-researcher` are not registered.

<Note>

> **Deprecated names:** The following legacy names are deprecated and will be removed in version 2.0.0:

Author: ```suggestion
**Deprecated names:** The following legacy names are deprecated from version 1.16.1:
```
